PWRL - Private Tech, Nasdaq Listed.
[H2] Terms & Conditions
These Terms and Conditions apply to your use of this website (the “Site”). The terms ”Powerlaw”, “we”, “our” or “us” means Powerlaw Capital Group, LLC and its affiliates, and their officers, directors, managing directors, partners, and employees.
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully to understand the terms and conditions regarding your use of this Site. If you do not agree with our Terms and Conditions, you should not use this Site. By accessing or using this Site, you agree to these Terms and Conditions.
Your use of the Site is subject to these Terms and Conditions, which may be updated from time to time. Please review these Terms and Conditions periodically for updates. This Site and its content are neither an offer to sell, nor a solicitation of an offer to purchase, an interest in any Powerlaw product or fund. Offers can only be made where lawful under, and in compliance with, applicable law. Powerlaw makes no representations that transactions or products discussed are available or appropriate for sale or use in all jurisdictions or by all investors.
[H4]
Content and Information Made Available Through this Service
All content and information, including all trademarks, logos, copyrights and other intellectual property therein, displayed on the Site are owned or licensed by Powerlaw and/or its third-party information providers and protected by applicable law. Unless expressly permitted by us in writing, you are only permitted to view, bookmark and print this content and information for your nonpublic and noncommercial use only. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Powerlaw. In addition, you are not permitted to alter, obscure, or remove any copyright, trademark or any other notices that are provided to you in connection with the information. Powerlaw reserves the right, at any time and from time to time, in the interests of its own editorial discretion and business judgment to add, modify, or remove any of the information. These Terms and Conditions are not intended to, and will not, transfer or grant any rights in or to the information other than those which are specifically described herein, and all rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Powerlaw or the third party providers from whom Powerlaw has obtained the information. You are required to read and abide by any additional terms and conditions that may be posted on this service from time to time concerning information obtained from specific third party providers. Such third party providers shall have no liability to you for monetary damages on account of the information provided to you via this service.
[H4] No Warranties made as to Content and Security; No Responsibilities to Update
POWERLAW MAKES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, CONCERNING THIS SITE OR OUR SERVICES. THIS SITE AND THE SERVICES PROVIDED BY US AND OUR THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS ARE ON AN “AS IS” BASIS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. POWERLAW EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY FOR THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE SERVICES WITH RESPECT TO THEIR CORRECTNESS, QUALITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY, PERFORMANCE, TIMELINESS, OR CONTINUED AVAILABILITY. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREDOING, POWERLAW MAKES NO WARRANTY WHATSOEVER TO YOU, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE SECURITY OF THE SITE, INCLUDING WITH RESPECT TO THE ABILITY OF UNAUTHORIZED PERSONS TO INTERCEPT OR ACCESS INFORMATION TRANSMITTED BY YOU THROUGH THIS SERVICE.
NEITHER POWERLAW NOR ANY OF ITS THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS SHALL HAVE ANY RESPONSIBILITY TO MAINTAIN THE DATA AND SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE ON THIS SITE TO SUPPLY ANY CORRECTIONS, UPDATES, OR RELEASES IN CONNECTION THEREWITH. AVAILABILITY OF DATA AND SERVICES ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE.
[H4] No representations made as to other sites or links; No Links
This Site may provide links to certain Internet sites (the “Linked Sites”) sponsored and maintained by third parties. Powerlaw is providing such links solely as a convenience to you. ACCORDINGLY, POWERLAW MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS CONCERNING THE CONTENT OF THE LINKED SITES. The fact that Powerlaw has provided a link to the Linked Site does not constitute an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship, or affiliation by Powerlaw with respect to the Linked Site, its owners, or its providers. Powerlaw has no control over such Linked Sites and claims no responsibility with respect to such Linked Sites.
[H4] Forward Looking Statements
Statements included herein may constitute forward-looking statements, which relate to future events or our future performance or financial condition. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, condition or results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors. Powerlaw undertakes no duty to update any forward-looking statements made herein.
Although Powerlaw believes that the assumptions of forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement on this Site should not be regarded as a representation that the investment objectives herein will be achieved.
[H4] Termination
We reserve the right to terminate your rights to use the Site at any time and for any reason, without notice to you.
[H4] Governing Law and Forum
Use of this site shall be governed by all applicable Federal laws of the United States of America and the laws of the State of Colorado.
In the event that any provision of these terms is held unenforceable, the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions will not be affected, and the unenforceable provision will be replaced with an enforceable provision that comes close to the intention underlying the unenforceable provision.
© Powerlaw Corp. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Our Vision
Investor Relations
The Fund
Contact
How to Trade
© Powerlaw Corp. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Powerlaw Fund Adviser, LLC (“Powerlaw”) is an investment adviser registered with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Powerlaw is the registered adviser for Powerlaw Corp. (“PWRL”), a closed-end fund listed on Nasdaq.
Investors are advised to carefully consider the investment objective, risks, charges and expenses of PWRL before investing. A prospectus, dated May 20, 2026, together with any subsequent prospectus supplements, each of which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), contains this and other information about PWRL and should be read carefully before investing.
A registration statement relating to the resale of shares of common stock of PWRL has been filed with the SEC and is effective. This website and the information it contains does not constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy shares of common stock of PWRL, which offering may only be made by means of a prospectus, a copy of which may be obtained by clicking here.
This website and the information it contains shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.
There can be no assurance that PWRL investment objectives will be achieved. An investment in PWRL is not appropriate for all investors and is not intended to be a complete investment program. PWRL is designed as a long-term investment and not as a trading vehicle. Investors could lose some or all of their investment. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
An investment in PWRL is speculative and involves a high degree of risk with substantial risk of loss. Shares of closed-end funds such as PWRL frequently trade at a discount to net asset value. Before making an investment decision, a prospective investor should (i) consider the suitability of this investment with respect to the investor’s investment objectives and (ii) consider factors such as the investor’s investment goals, income, risk tolerance, and time horizon.
Closed-end funds differ from open-end funds in that closed-end funds do not redeem their shares at the request of an investor. No shareholder has the right to require PWRL to redeem his, her or its shares. While Powerlaw’s shares are expected to be listed on an exchange, an active public market for the shares may not develop. As a result, shareholders may not be able to liquidate their investment. Accordingly, shareholders should consider that they may not have access to the funds they invest in PWRL for an indefinite period of time. There is no assurance that PWRL will achieve its investment objective, or that the private companies in which PWRL invests will ever have a liquidity event.
Certain information on the website may contain forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of terms such as “may”, “should”, “believe”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “project”, “estimate”, “optimistic”, “intend”, “aim”, “will”, “continue” (or the negatives thereof) or other variations thereof. Due to various risks and uncertainties, actual events or results of actual performance of an investment may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements, which speak only of the date they are made, and there is no guarantee that these opinions or predictions will ultimately be realized. As a result, investors should not rely on such forward-looking statements in making their investment decisions. Any projection of the performance discussed by Powerlaw is highly speculative and represents Powerlaw’s opinion, which may change. Powerlaw undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any statements contained on the website, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.
This website’s content is for informational purposes only and does not constitute advice, a recommendation or an offer to enter into any transaction with PWRL or any other fund. Powerlaw does not provide tax, accounting, financial, regulatory or legal advice, and all investors are advised to consult with their tax, accounting, financial, legal and/or other professional advisors.